Working with very smart, talented and exceptional people.
Friendly atmosphere and good events that brings the team together.
Great office and good perks Silicon Valley style. Fridge is full and there is a foosball table. All that kind of stuff!
Good salary but it depends on how well you negotiate at the beginning.
Great customers with big names.
All the awesome SF-startup perks only that it's in Montreal
Travel twice a year to visit SF offices
Salaries way above the average for the Montreal area
Peoples are amazing! You will make friends.
Technical knowledge is very good, engineers are mature and experienced.
Opportunity to work with the hardware of you choice
Offices have all their own flavours of pros and it goes around things like :
lots of board games, ping-pong, foosball, pool, ps4, game nights, etc.
collations, nice location for restaurants too
coffee, beers, wine, sparkling water, etc.
amazing office managers
open space
Office team lunches every weeks, sometimes more often
Organised events are glamorous
Very good work/life Balance with flexible schedule and possibility to work from home
Peoples you work with are amazing, did I said that twice?"
Great office
Fun and friendly atmosphere
Talented experienced engineers
Nice swags
Work environment
Work life balance.
Startup Lean culture.
Pays well as per market standard.
one guy to rule them all: the decision making process is terrible
top to bottom style: no one listens for engineers and take into account their opinions
tech debt stacks for ages: the imposed culture of making shortcuts and fix them later
no product thinking: the platform is enourmous pile of ad-hoc customizations
bug fixing makes 90% of your day
Engineering organization and practices are archaic and counterproductive.
Non debatable top-to-bottom approach that demotivates/frustrates the entire organization and shirks individuals from their responsibilities as SW engineers.
SW design decisions are taken by a small group of engineers in CEO's inner circle who have little to no experience/interest in building quality and scalable SW platforms. Focus is on … "
"Nothing really , just maintain the momentum.
Keep following the startup/Lean culture.
So far it has been going really well.
Hey hi, it's me, another Glassdoor review. Feels like a deja-vu?
Some things have been said so many times and, yet, actions taken don't reflect a management that care about solving them.
But let's give it a try with different words; here goes the song :
you've hired experienced professionals, please listen to them
get to know your peoples, so you can use their potential accordingly
get to understand what's going on, technical debt is not a myth
yes, overall company is doing well, doesn't mean there is no room for improvement
considerable time and effort is lost on debating the engineering priorities.
so why we can't actually go the direction that was openly discussed.
we hear about greatness, visions and values
while we don't see them embraced in the engineering structure.
Well, there is a lot of room for improving. I would suggest less involvement from CEO into designing UX while there is a whole team dedicated to this, this doesn't scale well and prevent addressing other critical points.
Also, please consider engineers output in decisions making. Software engineers are not challenging the way AppDirect is managed in other spheres but they have knowledge to share on the technical aspect. Their knowledge, vision and experience should be taken into consideration since AppDirect's main product is all about software and engineering.
On another note, you're doing very good in terms of sells, market strategy and business relations:
No matter how things can be bad in engineering, company will always survive.
But... it could be better by acknowledging the current situation and needs, letting peoples shine were they excel and openly doing retrospective on the ways engineering is managed.